Add tcld user commands (#2028)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/tcld/user/set-namespace-permissions.md

---
id: set-namespace-permissions
title: tcld user set-namespace-permissions
sidebar_label: set-namespace-permissions

> description: How to set a Namespace permission for a user in Temporal Cloud using tcld.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to set Namespace-level permissions for a user in Temporal Cloud using tcld.
```

tags:
  - tcld
---

> The `tcld user set-namespace-permissions` command sets Namespace permissions for a specified user in Temporal Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tcld user set-namespace-permissions` command sets [Namespace-level permissions](/cloud/#namespace-level-permissions) for a specified user in Temporal Cloud.
```

You must set either `--user-email` or `--user-id`.

Alias: `snp`

The following modifiers control the behavior of the command.

### `--user-email`

> Specify the user's email to set Namespace permissions to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the email address of the user to assign Namespace-level permissions to.
```

**Example**

```command
tcld user set-namespace-permissions --user-email <test@example.com>
```

### `--user-id`

> Specify the user's identifier to set Namespace permissions to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the user identifier of the user to assign Namespace-level permissions to.
```
